---
tags: [Account Management, Developer Studio, Key Management, Certification]
---

# Developer Studio: Account management

A developer can manage their sandbox, certification (end-to-end), and production merchant IDs *(MIDs)* from the Developer Studio Dashboard. Account management allows you to [create a sandbox account](#create-a-new-sandbox-merchant-id), [access a production account](#access-a-certification-or-production-merchant-id) or [clone a production account](#clone-a-merchant-id).

---

## Create a new sandbox merchant ID

A sandbox MID is a dedicated Commerce Hub simulation account for a respective developer.

<!-- theme: info -->
> The shared default MID is used if a dedicated MID is not created.

---

### Step 1: Select a the sandbox method

Click *Add Merchant ID* button. From the *Select Method* dropdown, choose *Create a new Sandbox Merchant ID* and click *Next*.

---

### Step 2: Create a sandbox MID name

Enter a *Sandbox Merchant ID Name* and click *Continue*.

<!-- theme: info -->
> The name that displays in Developer Dashboard may not match the name that displays in Merchant Configuration and Boarding *(Marketplace)* in Step 4.

---

### Step 3: Configure the sandbox account

You will be re-directed to Merchant Configuration and Boarding, edit the following settings as needed and click *Board Account*.

- Entitlements
- Payment Types
- Value Added Services
- Summary

<!-- theme: info -->
> Once your sandbox MID has been successfully added to your workspace in Developer Studio, it may be pending and will not be updated in real time once approved.

---

#### Step 4: View the sandbox MID

Click the *Go to Developer Studio* button to return and click *Dashboard* to view the new MID.

<!-- theme: info -->
> Newly created MIDs may not immediately display in the list of, click *Refresh* to update the list of MIDs.

---

## Access a certification or production merchant ID

Access Merchant ID allows a developer to access the end-to-end test *(cert)* and production *(prod)* MIDs created for a corporate merchant, provided the developer has received an access code.

<!-- theme: warning -->
> An access code is required from the merchant administrator or account representative after it is created in Merchant Configuration and Boarding.

---

### Step 1: Select the add cert/prod method

Click *Add Merchant ID* button. From the *Select Method* dropdown, choose *Add an Cert/Production Merchant ID* and click *Next*.

---

### Step 2: Select an environment

<!-- theme: info -->
> Access codes are generated by an account representative only. The account representative is required to login to the Merchant Configuration and Boarding, select the applicable MIDs and add the developer's email address. Click on generate the access code button and the developer will receive a notification email containing the access code.

Enter the access code provided in the email, select the required environment and click the *Access* button.

- **End-To-End:** Used to certify your API application
- **Production:** Used to obtain production API credentials

---

#### Step 3: Add a merchant ID

Select the required MIDs and click *Add MIDs to Workspace*.

<!-- theme: info -->
> The selected MIDs will be added based on the profile configuration in Merchant Configuration and Boarding. If features or settings need to be modified, please contact your account representative.

---

### Step 4: View the merchant ID

Click the *Go to Developer Studio* button to return and click *Dashboard* to view the new MIDs.

---

## Clone a merchant ID

A developer can create a dedicated sandbox MID by cloning all the features of a cert or prod MID created previously.

---

### Step 1: Select the clone method

Click *Add Merchant ID* button. From the Select Method dropdown, choose *Clone a Merchant ID* and click *Next*.

---

### Step 2: Select a merchant ID to clone

Enter a *Merchant ID name* that you want to clone or select from the MID list and click *Next*.

---

### Step 3: Review the cloned account

You will be re-directed to the Merchant Configuration and Boarding. Edit the following settings as needed and click *Board Account*.

- Entitlements
- Payment Types
- Value Added Services
- Summary

---

### Step 4: View the cloned merchant ID

Click the *Go to Developer Studio* button to return and click *Dashboard* to view the new MID.

---

## See Also

- [API Explorer](../api/?type=post&path=/payments/v1/charges)
- [API Key Management](?path=docs/Resources/Guides/Dev-Studio/Key-Management.md)
- [Developer Studio Workspace](https://developer.fiserv.com/support/docs/?path=docs/guides/workspaces.md)

<!---
- [Certification](?path=docs/Resources/Guides/Dev-Studio/Certification.md)
- [Transaction Verification](?path=docs/Resources/Guides/Dev-Studio/Transaction-Verification.md)
-->

---
