---

tags: [carat, commerce-hub, enterprise, online, card-not-present, payeezy]

---

# Configuration

<!-- theme: danger -->
>  The following documentation is for **Payeezy** migration clients only. See [Getting Started](?path=docs/Getting-Started/Getting-Started-General.md) for Commerce Hub integration options.

## General

- Configuration was previously accessed via the Payeezy Real-time Payment Manager (RPM) and will now be available from Marketplace.  For more details please see <link to Marketplace documentation/training>.
- Batch Settlement cutoff times can no longer be configured. 
- A new API Password, HMAC Key and other API relation authorization and authentication was available self-serve in Payeezy RPM Administration and cannot be performed in Marketplace; <need to know where a merchant can do this self-service to a comparative analysis of that system can be performed>. 
- There is more configuration available to a merchant admin in Marketplace for CommerceHub that was previously available to this role via Payeezy Gateway. 
- The ability to edit the terminal/MID address and create and edit users was available in Payeezy RPM Administration and will now be done in User Management inside BusinessTrack.
- Partner API capabilities are currently not supported and will be available in future releases
- Finally, in Payeezy Gateway the Administrative pages could be displayed in multiple languages (EN, FR, ES) based on the terminal setting; at this time Marketplace is available in English language only.

## User Management

Provides the capability to 
- Filter list by client
- Export user list
- Import user
- Action button on screen:
   - Reset Password
   - Delete Account
   - Disable Account
   - Clone
- Assignment of client and franchisee access.  _In Payeezy, this was done on the back-end in merchant configuration._
- Assignment of applications that user can access

Postal code is required when creating a new user.

UserID and password are auto-generated by application; functionality for merchant to set their own is no longer available.

User status can be changed after user is created; could be set at time of creation in Payeezy

Admin can update information on all users; not just their own

Change log of all updates to a user account is available for review
 
## By Screen/Capability Comparison
   
| PGW Screen/Function | Marketplace Screen/Function | Notes/Differences|
| :-------- | :------------- |----------------|
| Terminal List | MID List | Data displayed at summary view is different |
|Terminal Details<br> - Set Batch Cutoff Time<br> - Generate New API Password<br> - Set Terminal Type<br> - Enable Special Payments<br> - Allow Soft Descriptors<br> - Configure L2/L3 Support  | /payments/v1/charges captureFlag = "false”  | 
|03 = Forced Post   | NOT YET SUPPORTED  | 
|05 = Pre-Authorization Only   | NO LONGER SUPPORTED* | 
|13 = Open Void   | NOT YET SUPPORTED  | 
|32 = Tagged Pre-Authorization Completion   | /payments/v1/charges/{transactionId}/capture  | 
|33 = Tagged Void   | /payments/v1/charges/{transactionId}/cancel  | 
|33 = Tagged Refund   | /payments/v1/charges/{transactionId}/refund   | 


---
  
  ## See Also

- [Business Track / How To](?path=docs/Resources/API-Documents/Payments_VAS/Verification.md)
- [CH Overview](?path=docs/Resources/API-Documents/Payments_VAS/Verification.md)
- [CH Solution Architecture](?path=docs/Resources/API-Documents/Payments_VAS/Verification.md)
- [CH Dev Studio](?path=docs/Resources/API-Documents/Payments_VAS/Verification.md)
- [CLX Training / How To](?path=docs/Resources/API-Documents/Payments_VAS/Verification.md)
- [Marketplace Training / How To](?path=docs/Resources/API-Documents/Payments_VAS/Verification.md)

